ILMJTCV General Terms of Use
Introduction
The following terms constitute an agreement between you and ILMJTCV LLC (“ILMJTCV” or “ILostMyJobToCoronavirus”), the operator of www.ilmjtcv.com and www.ilostmyjobtocoronavirus.com (the “Site”). This agreement governs your use of the Site, both as a casual visitor or as a registered Member or Recruiter as described below.
By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. To the extent you register on the Site as a user (a “Member” or “Recruiter”), then in addition to the terms that are applicable to all users of the Site, the terms that apply to Members or Recruiters shall apply to you too. We reserve the right to modify this Agreement at any time, and without prior notice, by posting amended terms on this Site. We encourage you to review this Agreement periodically for any updates or changes, which will have an update effective date.
All of the material provided on the Site, such as text, posts, comments, links, and any other material provided on the Site are for informational purposes only and are not a substitute for professional advice.
For any questions or comments, or to report violations of this agreement, contact us at: support@ilmjtcv.com.

Section I- Terms of Service for Community Members

The following terms and conditions apply to all Community Members (“Members”) and other users who access or use the Site as intended for individuals. Individuals agree to represent themselves when accessing the Site. For purposes of this Section I of the ILMJTCV General Terms of Use, all references to “you” or “your” shall mean you, the individual accessing this Site in your capacity as a Member.
1. Membership Eligibility
To become a Member and access the area on this Site reserved for Members (the “Community Area”), ILMJTCV requires that you are either a (a) person who lost their job in the current environment, (b) guest with legitimate, non-commercial reasons to participate in the community and who agrees to respect the privacy and preserve the dignity of all community participants or (c) guest as authorized by a ILostMyJobToCoronavirus authority. Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from registering as members. By registering as a member you represent that you are age 13 or older.
2. Acceptable and Lawful Use of Site by Members
Members shall not post or upload any information or other content on the Site that (a) is false, inaccurate or misleading; (b) is obscene or indecent; (c) infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy of any party; or (d) is defamatory, libelous, threatening, abusive, hateful, or contains pornography. Members shall not interfere with other Members’ use and enjoyment of the Site (for example, by harassing, threatening, soliciting, overly promoting personal interests, or stalking another participant of a chat room, forum, seminar, or threaded message, including the use of expressions of bigotry, racism, hatred, or profanity). Members may not use the Site to conduct any activity that is illegal or violates the rights of others, provide instructional information about illegal activities, or promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual. All members represent and warrant that the information they provided when registering as aMember, and all information that they subsequently provide regarding themselves and their membership, is true and accurate and not misleading.
Areas of the Site accessible to Member accounts constitutes the Membership Area. The Membership Area consists of community forums and job searching functionalities.
3. No Interference with Operation of Site
You may not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the Site or content or services provided on the Site for any purposes. You may not post content on the Site that contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, spiders, or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. You shall not attempt to make the Site unavailable through denial-of-service attacks or similar means. You shall not use contact information provided by Members, or collect information about our Members, to facilitate the sending of unsolicited bulk communications such as SPAM or SPIM or allow others use of your membership account to take such actions.
4. Site for Non-Commercial Use Only
The Site content, including the Member Area and the content and information contained in the Member Area, is for the personal use of individual Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become Members and should not use the Site without express consent from ILostMyJobToCoronavirus. Members of ILostMyJobToCoronavirus with individual commercial interests may not solicit or overtly promote their products or services within the Member Area. All content shared within the site is not for external use.
5. Privacy
You agree that you have read, understood and accepted ILMJTCV’s Privacy Policy. This policy explains ILMJTCV's collection of personal and non-personal information from you when using the Site and its use of and sharing of such personal and non-personal information.
6. Posting and Use of Content in the Member Area
The Member Area includes community forums where members may post messages, images, and other content (“User Submissions”). If you are a Member, you (or the author) own the copyright in the messages, images, and other content you post in the Member Area, but by posting such content within User Submissions to the Member Area you grant ILMJTCV and our affiliates the right to use, copy, display, perform, distribute, translate, edit, and create derivative works of your User Submissions, subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
While community forums in the Member Area are monitored periodically for topicality, ILMJTCV has no obligation to prescreen postings and is not responsible for their content. We encourage you to notify us of inappropriate or illegal content and we reserve the right to remove postings for any reason. Members are responsible for observing community standards. ILMJTCV is at its discretion to change community standards.
You agree not to disclose to any person or entity personally identifiable information about other members that you encounter while using this Site (whether posted in the Member Area by a Member or emailed to you by a Member) without the express consent of such member.
ILMJTCV may contain links to other websites that are not under the control of ILMJTCV. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by IMJTCV of such site and ILMJTCV is not responsible for the content of such linked sites.
7. Job Postings
ILMJTCV may make available Job Postings advertising employment opportunities and other job-related content, including links to third-party websites (“Job Postings” or “Job Posts”), through ILMJTCV’s search results or otherwise through the Site. Job Posts are created and provided by third parties over whom ILMJTCV exercises no control; you acknowledge and understand that ILMJTCV has no control over the content of Job Posts, links to or from Job Posts, or any conditions third parties might impose once a Member has submitted an application or left the Site. For example, some of these third parties may attempt to charge Members a fee to apply to a particular job, although ILMJTCV endeavors not to make such Job Posts available on the Site. If you leave the ILMJTCV Site and choose to enter a third-party website, you accept any terms and conditions imposed by that third-party. Except for sponsored, featured or paid placements, the Job Posts contained on, or linked from, the Site are indexed or posted in an automated manner. ILMJTCV has no obligation to screen any Job Posts, or to include any Job Posts in its search results or other listings, and may exclude or remove any Job Posts from the Site for any or no reason. We cannot confirm the accuracy or completeness of any Job Post or other information submitted by any Recruiter or other user, including the identity of such Recruiter or other user. ILMJTCV assumes no responsibility, and disclaims all liability for the content, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability, or availability of any Job Posts, Recruiter Organization Pages, screener questions and responses, and assessments. Additionally, ILMJTCV may provide search options to narrow down Job Posts search results by features such as industry and location, and such categories are created independently and entirely by ILMJTCV, and may not directly or accurately reflect the content of the Job Posts. ILMJTCV may reformat Job Posts so that you may read them more clearly on a mobile phone. You are not permitted to use ILMJTCV’s Site or its content other than for non-commercial purposes.
8. Resumes and Recommended Jobs
By uploading a Recruiter visible resume through the Site, you are requesting and authorizing ILMJTCV to make available your resume to third parties, such as Recruiters, that ILMJTCV believes may have an interest in your resume. By creating or uploading a resume on ILMJTCV, ILMJTCV may share with you Job Postings that match the contents of your resume. ILMJTCV assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liability for the resume or application information you post, send or receive through the Site. If you see any inaccuracy in any such material, it is your responsibility to correct such information or to contact ILMJTCV to do so.
ILMJTCV may also automatically send you recommended jobs via the email address you use to create an ILMJTCV account or apply to a job. ILMJTCV may determine what these recommended jobs are on the basis of a variety of factors, including but not limited to, any information you input on the Site about yourself (including in your resume), searches you run on the Site, jobs you click on, jobs you apply to, or the materials you provide in a job application to a Recruiter through ILMJTCV.
9. Applying to Jobs Through ILMJTCV and ILMJTCV Quick Apply
Any resume or application information that you submit through the Site, including Personal Data included in a resume, application or responses to screener questions and assessments (“ILMJTCV Quick Apply”), is subject to this Agreement and to ILMJTCV’s Privacy Policy. Once you provide information to a Recruiter (whether in the form of a job application, resume, email, or otherwise), ILMJTCV does not have control over the Recruiter’s use or disclosure of that information. If you want to request the Recruiter delete, modify, or maintain confidence over any such information, you must make such a request directly to the Recruiter. (All references on the Site to apply functionalities refer to “ILMJTCV Quick Apply.”) ILMJTCV may use your application materials to determine whether you may be interested in a Job Posting, and ILMJTCV may reach out to you about such Job Posting. ILMJTCV may store such information regardless of whether a Job Posting has been closed or is no longer available on the Site. To maintain the quality of the Site and its services, ILMJTCV in its sole discretion may impose limits on your ability to apply to Job Postings or to other ILMJTCV services. In addition, when you indicate your interest in a Job Posting through ILMJTCV Quick Apply or by engaging with a Recruiter in a Talent Search, you are sending your resume and application information to ILMJTCV, and you are requesting and authorizing ILMJTCV to make available such application information to the applicable Recruiter(s) for such Job Posting(s). When you ask ILMJTCV to transmit an application or a message, including, but not limited to, messages through ILMJTCV Chat, to a Recruiter via any ILMJTCV’s relay system, or store such information, you understand that this is without warranty, and that ILMJTCV reserves the right to reformat such application or message.
You acknowledge and agree that Recruiters may request that ILMJTCV assemble your application materials, resume, answers to screener questions, assessment responses and other information you provide to ILMJTCV into one document, and you agree that in doing so, ILMJTCV assembles these application materials on your behalf. When you apply for a job on ILMJTCV you agree to ILMJTCV’s performance of automated processing in relation to your application, as such processing is an essential part of this Agreement. Additionally, you consent to your application and any responses sent to you by the Recruiter through ILMJTCV being processed and analyzed by ILMJTCV according to this Agreement and ILMJTCV’s Privacy Policy.
When you apply to a job using ILMJTCV Quick Apply, ILMJTCV will attempt to send your application to the contact information provided to us by a Recruiter. We cannot guarantee that such messages and applications will be delivered, received, accessed, read or acted upon. ILMJTCV also does not guarantee that any Recruiter will receive, be notified about, access, read or respond to any such resume or other application material, or that there will be no mistakes in the transmission or storage of the data. However, ILMJTCV may alert you when any of the above events occur. Please note that Job Posts may expire between the time you submit your application and from the time it is received. ILMJTCV has no responsibility for expired Job Posts or for delivering applications prior to a Job Post’s expiration. In addition we cannot vouch for the validity of the contact information provided to us by Recruiters. We also cannot vouch for the technical capabilities of any third party sites, including but not limited to Applicant Tracking Systems (ATSs). If you do not feel comfortable sending an application or messages in this manner, or having your application or messages stored on ILMJTCV, do not use the ILMJTCV Quick Apply, ILMJTCV Chat, or other ILMJTCV relay functions and please send your application or messages directly to the Recruiter by whatever other method you so choose, including the public mail system. You may contact the Recruiter directly to find alternative methods of application if you do not wish to apply through ILMJTCV. By using the ILMJTCV Quick Apply system, you fully consent to the above.
If you require alternative methods of screening or application you must approach the Recruiter directly to request such as ILMJTCV is not responsible for the Recruiter application process.
By using ILMJTCV, you agree that ILMJTCV is not responsible for the content of the Recruiter’s job application, messages, screener questions, skills assessments or their format or method of delivery, and that ILMJTCV does not guarantee receipt of your application by the Recruiter, or your receipt of messages from the Recruiter. Please note that ILMJTCV does not choose the questions asked by Recruiters or decide the job qualification criteria of Recruiters. Some questions may be labeled as Optional, indicating only that the application may be submitted to the Recruiter without providing an answer. ILMJTCV cannot guarantee that the Recruiter will consider such an application or make a particular determination with regard to such an application. ILMJTCV may inform Members that an Recruiter’s requirement from a job description does not appear to be present on a resume; this information is presented without warranty and ILMJTCV does not guarantee that updating a resume will result in any job offer. ILMJTCV does not guarantee the identity of a Recruiter or any individuals working for any Recruiter Organization(s), and cautions Members when applying to jobs. ILMJTCV cannot make any guarantee regarding health and safety measures in a Recruiter’s hiring or interviewing process. ILMJTCV recommends Members follow personal health and safety best practices as recommended by the World Health Organization or similar institutions. ILMJTCV does not guarantee the validity of a job offer and cautions Members to verify the validity of a job offer before taking an adverse action regarding their current employment situations. Members are solely responsible for verifying the accuracy of any Recruiter or job offer.
10. Your Job Seeker Data
As a Member, you take a variety of actions on our Site. For example, you search for jobs, and ILMJTCV knows and stores the titles of jobs you search for and click on, where those jobs are located, the general salary range or experience level of the jobs you view (if indicated on the Job Postings), the Job Postings you apply to, your amount of activity or time of most recent activity on ILMJTCV, information you provide directly to ILMJTCV, which may include desired salary or past experience, or any of your other behavior on the Site. You know exactly what this data is because you are the person who undertook the activity and the data pertains only to your activity. If you have an ILMJTCV account, you agree that ILMJTCV may associate this data with your ILMJTCV account and use this observed factual data to suggest jobs to you and to suggest you or your resume to Recruiters that might be interested in a person who matches your behavior on ILMJTCV. You also agree that ILMJTCV may contact you based on this observed behavior on behalf of Recruiters or ILMJTCV itself. Please note, the aforementioned actions do not include information sent to you by a third party, however, ILMJTCV may publicly display the fact that you have recently used the Site to correspond with a third party. In addition, if you consent to your resume being viewable by recruiters, this means that ILMJTCV may share all of the aforementioned information about yourself with Recruiters on the Site and third-party recruiters. If you do not wish to share such information, you may remove your consent at any time.
11. Member Password and Login Identity
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member password and login, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account with or without your knowledge. If you knowingly provide your login and password information to another person, your membership privileges may be suspended temporarily or terminated. You agree to immediately notify ILMJTCV of any unauthorized use of your membership password or login or any other breach of security.
12. Membership Termination
You agree that ILMJTCV may, with or without cause, immediately terminate your ILMJTCV membership or limit or terminate your access to the Member Area or the Site without prior notice. Without limiting the foregoing, the following may lead to a termination by ILMJTCV of a Member's membership and use of the Site: (a) breaches or violations of this Agreement, Community Guidelines, or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated membership cancellation), (d) unexpected technical issues or problems, and (e) extended periods of inactivity. ILMJTCV has no obligation to maintain, store, or transfer to you information or data that you have posted on or uploaded to the Site.
13. Fees
Membership with ILMJTCV is currently free. ILMJTCV LLC reserves the right to from time to time change the terms of this Agreement and charge for membership and/or to provide additional optional services for a fee.
14. Disclaimer of Warranties
The Site and the content and services made available on the Site are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. ILMJTCV does not make and disclaims all express and implied warranties and representations, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, with regard to the Site, the Site content, or any advice or services provided through the Site to the extent permitted by law. ILMJTCV does not warrant that access to the Site or its content or services will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the Site will be corrected.
The advice, recommendations, information, and conclusions posted or emailed by other users of the Site are not in any way vetted, approved or endorsed by ILMJTCV, and you use such information at your own risk.
15. Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall ILMJTCV, its partners, contributors, agents, employees, directors, or affiliates be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages (even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages) due to your use of this Site or due to your reliance on any of the content contained or the services provided on the Site.
16. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless ILMJTCV, its officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and other partners, from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of this Agreement.
17. International Users
Personal information (“Information”) that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law and our Privacy Policy. If you are a non-U.S. user, you acknowledge and agree that ILMJTCV may collect and use your Information and disclose it to other entities outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that you consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction as detailed in our Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to such transfer, you may not use this Site.
18. Member Notices
If you register as a member, you agree that ILMJTCV may send notices to you by email at the email address you provide when registering to become a Member (or which you later update using the functionality of the Site).
19. Governing Law and Venue
This Agreement and any Dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or related in any way to the Site will be governed as to all matters, including, but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, by the laws of the State of New Jersey in the United States. Any and all actions, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings related to such Dispute shall be filed only in courts located in: Bergen County, NJ, U.S.A. Each of the Parties hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Bergen County, NJ, U.S.A.







Section II- Terms of Service for Recruiters
The following terms and conditions apply to all Recruiters and other users who access or use the Site as intended for individuals and/or organizations seeking to make available information regarding employment openings, on their behalf or other’s behalf, including but not limited to agencies purchasing for multiple parties, or otherwise indicate their acceptance to this Agreement. For purposes of this Section II of the ILMJTCV General Terms of Service, all references to “you” or “your” shall mean you, the individual or organization accessing this Site in your capacity as a Recruiter.
1. Recruiter Accounts
When you create an ILMJTCV account, a Recruiter profile, or post job postings advertising employment opportunities and other job-related contents, including links to third-party websites (“Job Postings” or “Job Posts”) on the Site, you agree that this Agreement, the terms associated with any ILMJTCV service you are using, and all of ILMJTCV’s policies, including the ILMJTCV Privacy Policy, apply to you. When you create an ILMJTCV account, ILMJTCV may require that you verify your identity through a third party service. If this is the case, we may ask you to share information with the third party service as pursuant to their terms of use.
As a Recruiter, your account is for business use and not for personal use. ILMJTCV is not responsible for and disclaims all liability if your email is used improperly or falsely by a third party. By registering for an ILMJTCV account, you agree to receive mandatory email updates regarding anomalous activity to your ILMJTCV account. If you attempt to send an email from a name or email address that is not true, accurate, current or complete, we reserve the right to drop such email, and attempting to send such email is a violation of our terms.
In some instances, multiple Recruiter users may be linked to the same account (“Recruiter Organization”). A Recruiter Organization is created when the primary account owner(s) (“Super Admin or Admin(s)”, further referred to simply as “Admins”) of a Recruiter Organization invites other users to the same account. Admin(s) can provide these other users varying levels of access and functionality (“Roles”) within the account, as described on the site. If you are an Admin adding a user to a Role or several Roles, you represent to ILMJTCV that you are an authorized representative of this account and that you have the authority to allow this data and access to be shared. You further agree to indemnify and hold harmless ILMJTCV from any allegations, claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, obligations, losses, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including without limitation attorneys’ fees and costs) that result from the sharing of this data and access to your account. You agree that ILMJTCV assumes no liability in regards to the accuracy of the statements above and that you are fully responsible for said accuracy. When using a Recruiter Organization, any users with access to certain Roles may have access to any or all account information, including but not limited to: communications and actions of all other users and applicants within the Recruiter Organization, resume contacts, and billing information, and you consent to such access.
Change of Address: If you have provided a billing address to us, and you change such billing address from an address within the United States to an address outside the United States, or from an address outside of the United States to an address inside the United States, you will continue to be bound by this Agreement with the same ILMJTCV party for the remainder of the calendar month in which you made the change. Beginning on the first day of the next calendar month, you hereby agree that you will be bound by this Agreement with the applicable ILMJTCV party identified in the first paragraph of this Agreement with respect to such new territory. If your ILMJTCV Recruiter account has a credit card on file to pay for one ILMJTCV product or service, ILMJTCV may charge that card for any additional products or services you order.
2. Recruiter Services Including ILMJTCV Quick Apply, Screener Questions, and Talent Search
You also agree that, as a service to Community Members, ILMJTCV may activate its ILMJTCV Quick Apply relay function for use in connection with your Job Postings, and that any Community Members who wish to indicate an interest in such Job Posting may only do so through ILMJTCV Quick Apply, and that ILMJTCV will send applications to the email address you provide us with. When you use ILMJTCV candidate management tools, including but not limited to your Recruiter Dashboard, or by activating the ILMJTCV Quick Apply relay function for your Job Postings, you acknowledge and agree that ILMJTCV may make available functions allowing you to take actions regarding the Community Member, such as tools for setting up an interview, viewing a resume and rejecting a candidate. Use of the Talent Search function for collecting resumes is at the sole discretion of Recruiters and ILMJTCV makes no guarantee to the matching of resumes to the Talent Search. You agree that by using such candidate management tools, you are instructing ILMJTCV to assemble the candidate’s application materials, resume, answers to screener questions, assessment responses and other information you provide to ILMJTCV. You further agree that ILMJTCV is not responsible for maintaining or storing such application materials, and that you are responsible for your own compliance with any applicable record retention requirements. By using these tools, you are providing information to ILMJTCV and requesting and authorizing us to make available such information to the applicable Community Member. Additionally, you consent to any information shared through ILMJTCV being processed and analyzed by ILMJTCV according to this Agreement and ILMJTCV’s Privacy Policy. ILMJTCV may store such information regardless of whether a job vacancy has been filled.
You are responsible for the contents of your emails, application form, screener questions or their format, Recruiter Organization Pages that you create, any Job Postings that you post, and any messages that you send through ILMJTCV Quick Apply, ILMJTCV Chat or otherwise, and agree that ILMJTCV is not responsible for such content and disclaims all liability for such content, including as to whether such content is legal. You agree that ILMJTCV may reject or remove any Job Posting, any part of any Recruiter Organization Page, or any questions for Community Members for any or no reason. ILMJTCV further does not guarantee delivery, your receipt of the Community Member’s emails or application materials, or that there will be no mistakes in the transmission or storage of the data. In the event a message being sent is intended for a closed account, these messages will not be deliverable. If you do not feel comfortable sending a message, including but not limited to an offer letter, to a Community Member through ILMJTCV’s relay functions, do not use the ILMJTCV relay functions and please contact the Community Member via the personal information provided in such Community Member’s resume or application or by whatever method you so choose. When using the ILMJTCV Quick Apply function, ILMJTCV will attempt to send applications to the contact information provided to ILMJTCV by you, however, ILMJTCV has no ability to verify the contact information provided by you. In the event you provide incorrect contact information, it shall be your responsibility to correct, appropriately respond, or take any steps necessary to protect the privacy of such Community Members, and you indemnify ILMJTCV for any damages resulting therefrom.
When you use the ILMJTCV Quick Apply or ILMJTCV Chat relay function for your Job Postings, you acknowledge and agree that ILMJTCV may add functions into the corresponding ILMJTCV Quick Apply emails or other communications. In addition, ILMJTCV may, on your behalf, send out reminder emails to Community Members you wish to pursue for interview or any other reason. ILMJTCV may also send emails to Community Members on your behalf indicating that your Job Posting is potentially a match for the Community Member’s resume. When you use screener questions, you may be given the option to instruct ILMJTCV to send out rejection notices if the Community Member has not answered the questions in the manner set forth in the online instruction. If you choose such option, you agree you are instructing us to send out rejection notices to such candidates and set them to rejected in your candidate dashboard. You further acknowledge that ILMJTCV has no discretion in the transmission or storage of these or all other rejection notifications (which is purely mechanical), that transmission or storage is not guaranteed, and that the Community Member may not have answered the screener questions accurately. When you use ILMJTCV’s candidate management tools, you may be given the option to send automatic rejection notices to candidates whose candidacy you “rejected”. If you choose such option, you acknowledge that ILMJTCV has no discretion in the transmission or storage of rejection notices.
You agree that ILMJTCV may take action to try to identify and reduce spam applications, and that one method of doing so may include imposing a cover letter requirement for such applicants. ILMJTCV does not verify the identity of any Community Members who apply to your Job Posting, nor does ILMJTCV know a Community Member’s motivation for applying to your Job Posting, and thus provides no guarantee as to the Community Member’s qualifications or interest in your job listing. You agree that ILMJTCV Quick Apply, ILMJTCV Chat, and ILMJTCV’s relay functions are presented to you without warranty and ILMJTCV assumes no responsibility for the communications between you and the Community Member, which communications are yours’ and the Community Members’ sole responsibility.
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless ILMJTCV, its agents, affiliates, and licensors from any third-party claim or liability (including without limitation reasonable legal fees) arising out of any Recruiter Organization Page created by you, or any Job Posting or screener questions (or answers thereto) posted by you, or any message sent by you (including any questions for Community Members contained in any of the foregoing). ILMJTCV may make analytics data available on a Recruiter Organization Page or elsewhere on the Site, and may provide analytics data regarding your Recruiter account to anyone at your company at ILMJTCV’s discretion. To the extent permitted by law, if you have an unpaid or outstanding invoice or account balance for any ILMJTCV product, ILMJTCV reserves the right to suspend or terminate your use of that ILMJTCV product as well as any other ILMJTCV product, including but not limited to those ILMJTCV products where you do not have an unpaid invoice or account balance. ILMJTCV may elect to apply (i) penalties for late payment as per contemporaneous US Federal Reserve interest rates plus 10% or the maximum interest permitted by law, whichever is lower and (ii) a statutory lump-sum indemnity for recovery cost, if provided for under applicable laws, and (iii) any reasonable expenses and attorney fees ILMJTCV incurs collecting such late payments.
When you view, send, store or receive materials (including Job Postings, resumes, and messages) through or using the Site, ILMJTCV may, for example, use such materials for data analysis, quality control, or to refine the Site or any other ILMJTCV product or service (including to provide better search results and other postings for Community Members and Recruiters), whether via automated means or otherwise. When you view, send, store or receive materials through or using the Site or when you simply use or visit the Site, ILMJTCV may inform a Community Member that you have taken an action, for example, with regards to a Job Post, Community Member’s resume, or application such as pausing or closing a Job Posting, opening the resume or application, viewing the resume or application, responding to the resume or application, and making a decision with regards to the application or Job Posting, and you hereby consent to ILMJTCV taking such actions.
ILMJTCV, in its sole discretion, may add labels or badges to Recruiter names or Job Poss, such as, “Responsive Employer”, “Active Employer”, or otherwise. ILMJTCV shall determine the method by which such labels or badges are determined or which Recruiters qualify. The lack of a label or badge may indicate that ILMJTCV does not have sufficient data to determine if a Recruiter qualifies.

3. Job Match
ILMJTCV may use Community Members’ application materials (including resumes and responses to screener questions) and the recency of their activity on ILMJTCV to determine whether the words of their resume and answers to screener questions match the words of your Job Posting or Talent Search, and vice-versa. You further agree and consent that ILMJTCV may differentiate those matching resumes and screener questions from those that do not match, and present them to you as matches or not matches. ILMJTCV may also use such information in order to improve the Site or any other ILMJTCV product or service (including by displaying or otherwise making available potentially relevant Job Postings and Talent Searches to Community Members).
4. Screening Tools
ILMJTCV may make available to you screening tools for your use during the application process, including screener questions, phone screen tools and assessments. ILMJTCV is licensing these tools to you for your use as you determine. By using any screening product, made available to you by ILMJTCV, you agree that you have made the determination to use these tools as part of your application process, and the substantive questions you ask or choose are solely determined by you, and are not being asked by ILMJTCV. You are the sole party to determine which answers will qualify a candidate. You are solely responsible for the use of the screening tool including any results which are considered to have a “disparate impact”. You further acknowledge that you are responsible for offering alternative methods of screening, if so required by the Americans with Disabilities Act or any other equivalent state act. ILMJTCV does not warrant that the method of delivery of these questions would be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act or any equivalent state act. You agree to indemnify ILMJTCV for any and all claims arising out of your use of a Screening Tool, including any claims that any screening tool does not comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or that such Screening Tool results in a “disparate impact”.
5. Communication through ILMJTCV
You may receive messages, emails or email notifications corresponding with your activity on or use of the Site or any other communications service, product, or feature provided on or through the Site. In all cases, such messages or notifications are provided solely as a courtesy. ILMJTCV disclaims all warranties with regards to the transmission or storage of such courtesy notices, does not guarantee their delivery or receipt, and does not guarantee the date or time at which they may be sent. In the event a message being sent is intended for a closed account, these messages will not be deliverable.
Specifically, if you post a Job Posting directly on ILMJTCV, applications are sent only to your ILMJTCV dashboard; any other notifications you may receive are provided solely as a courtesy to you. For example, you may not receive application email notifications if a Community Member has not answered screener questions correctly, although these applications will be sent to your ILMJTCV dashboard. ILMJTCV reserves the right to turn on or enable ILMJTCV Chat or other communication options for select Recruiters or Job Postings, in its sole discretion, and to notify Community Members that ILMJTCV Chat or other communication options are available for a particular Job Post, Talent Search, or Recruiter. For ILMJTCV Chat, you may access or view your messages by visiting your ILMJTCV Chat messages dashboard. ILMJTCV may, in its sole discretion, turn off or disable ILMJTCV Chat for any Recruiter or Community Member at any time without prior notice. ILMJTCV makes no guarantee of storing messages after a period of two days, and it is up to Recruiters and Community Members to maintain a record of their communication(s). You agree that you are responsible for the content of any communication with any other user on the Site, be it Recruiter, Community Member or other party, and that you release ILMJTCV from any liability resulting from such communication(s).
6.. Virtual Communications
ILMJTCV  may offer you the option to manage virtual and remote communications with Community Members within ILMJTCV products, including but not limited to, phone interviews, virtual meetings, and video interviews (“Virtual Interviews”). Services may include giving you access to scheduling, video conferencing, web conferencing, meeting rooms, and other collaborative services offered by third-party telecommunications service providers. You understand that ILMJTCV is not a telecommunications service provider. ILMJTCV disclaims all warranties with regards to the transmission of virtual communications. ILMJTCV does not guarantee (1) availability of such services at the time You attempt to initiate them (2) the quality of such services, or (3) the dates or times you’ve arranged with Community Members (Users) for your Virtual Interview. Further, ILMJTCV does not verify the identities or qualifications of Community Members (Users) with whom you arrange Virtual Interviews.
7. Recruiter Organization Pages
When you post a Job Post directly on ILMJTCV or submit a request for a landing page on ILMJTCV, ILMJTCV may automatically generate for you a Recruiter Organization Page. You understand that ILMJTCV may display publicly available information about your company on the Recruiter Organization Page, in accordance with applicable law. You authorize ILMJTCV to claim such a Recruiter Organization Page for you on your behalf, which will be marked as a “Claimed Profile” and allows you to edit and add information to the Recruiter Organization Page. Recruiter Organization Page allows content to be posted by individuals that may not be affiliated with the Recruiter Organization that owns the Recruiter Organization Page, including but not limited to the answers to Q&A questions on Recruiter Organization Page. Additionally, ILMJTCV may include all of your Job Postings posted on the Site on your Recruiter Organization Page, including but not limited to those posted directly on ILMJTCV as well as those indexed by ILMJTCV. You agree that you are solely responsible for any content you edit or put on a Recruiter Organization Page, whether generated by or for you, including but not limited to photograph(s) or videos you provide, and third-party websites reachable from content you put on a Recruiter Organization Page.
8. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
This Agreement and any Dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or related in any way to the Site will be governed as to all matters, including, but not limited to the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, by the laws of the State of New Jersey in the United States. Any and all actions, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings related to such Dispute shall be filed only in courts located in: Bergen County, NJ, U.S.A. Each of the Parties hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Bergen County, NJ, U.S.A.
You agree to waive your right to file a pre-suit discovery proceeding seeking a user’s identifying information from ILMJTCV. If you intend to propound discovery seeking user information from ILMJTCV LLC., you agree to do so pursuant to a valid federal, New Jerseys or New Jersey domesticated request, addressed to and properly served at our registered agent in New Jersey at ILMJTCV LLC., c/o CT Corporation, 293 Sunset Avenue, Englewood, NJ 07631. You further agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the appropriate New Jersey state or federal courts for such discovery proceedings.
You also hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any action or litigation in any way arising out of or related to your use of the Site or these terms of service, if you are located in the United States.
9. Class Action Waiver
By using the Site and in return for the services offered by ILMJTCV, you acknowledge that ILMJTCV can only offer you these services under the terms and conditions as presented herein. As partial consideration for your use of the Site and these services, you agree not to sue ILMJTCV as a class plaintiff or class representative, join as a class member, or participate as an adverse party in any way in a class-action lawsuit against ILMJTCV regarding your use of the Site. If you do not agree to any part of these terms, do not continue your use of the Site. Nothing in this paragraph, however, limits your rights to bring a lawsuit as an individual plaintiff, including in small claims court, subject to Section 8 above.
